Many, many years ago, in a forest far away, there lived a fox named Ubuntu.
Ubuntu was a clever fox, and could not be tricked by any of the forest dwellers.
He never had to hunt, for his silver tongue allowed him to persuade his neighbors
to share their food without fail. Conceited and carefree, Ubuntu had the entire
forest at his beck and call--or so he thought.

Ubuntu was about halfway through his life when crisis hit: his midlife crisis. 
Being such a foxy forest phenomenom isn't easy to keep up, and even the moss
on the underside of the lazy willow trees could see the obvious: Ubuntu was slipping.
That's not a metaphor or a euphemism. Ubuntu's balance had started to deteriorate. 
Once a feared hunter, Ubuntu's existential dread combined with his age-related joint
pain manifested in rather poor balance. He feared that phyiscal therapy would be in
the near future, and he knew good and well that physical therapy is no place for a fox.

Coming to the realization that his days as a nimble, deceitful fox were over, Ubuntu began 
to look for work in the forest as a means to support himself. He applied to several jobs,
including gathering nuts for squirrels and helping the beavers build their damn. However,
everywhere Ubuntu applied, he was rejected. Ubuntu couldn't figure out way nobody wanted to
hire him: his skills were spot on, and he was a rather friendly fox, despite his past.
After talking to his most recent interviewer, Ubuntu finally realized why he wasn't getting hired:
His name was impossible to pronounce and therefore nobody was able to work with him.
From that day on Ubuntu decided it would be best to be known by a much simplier name: STEVE
After Ubuntu changed his name, he finally find a job at Amazon. He works 5 days a week and 9 hours a day.
After several years, he has a decent amount of saving. He quit his job and started his own business. 
He opened a bar called "Ubuntu". Even though everyone think "Steve's bar" 
would be a better name but Ubuntu still like his old name. He become the manager of the bar. 
Everyday he chating with many different animals from the forest. 
For example, Charlie ,the elephant, go to Ubuntu's bar almost evey weekend. 
Since Charlie is a programmer, he always complained to Ubuntu about his work. 
Finally, Ubuntu close the bar and start travel with his new motor cycle which name is "fat boy".
